No one likes to see someone vomit
If you vomit you will not be scared anymore
It was mostly from stomach bugs when I was a kid
I think i have not puked since I was 11 or 12
I used to catch stomach bugs very often 
Vomit free since 93
There was a stomach bug going about 
And the fact that kids end up getting sick all the time!
How did you deal with him being sick?
I did not deal too well with stomach bugs 
I would rather deal with morning sickness though
wondering when he will wake up sick in the night or if his classmates are sick
Public school has not been an issue with sickness
he is a little older and vomiting is not a main concern.
but I still did not get sick at all
I have a 3 year old boy and I am pregnant with another boy!
but his dad is not bothered by sickness.
Ill 50 times a day or more
I have 3 kids and freak out if someone is sick.
My daughter gets tonsillitis a lot and vomits with it but you get used to it
  I was never sick, never even had morning sickness  
i am dreading her first stomach bug.
I am confident that with proper hygiene I will not get the bug from her
Yes it is terrible when my kids get sick but I have always made it through.
I had severe morning sickness with my youngest but I never threw up from it.
   i was scared my whole pregnancy that i would have morning sickness,  
  Even if I had experienced lots of sickness, he would be worth it  
  I am TERRIFIED of pregnancy because if I vomit, i will relapse  
I was terrified because I just knew I would be ill
I got lucky though because I did not get sick my whole pregnancy
I was sick with all pregnancies.
I would love a child but do not think I could cope with the nausea
I am afraid I will puke
I have a virus and i have been vomiting everyday and its been rough.
severe vomiting and fever.
i can not eat much without throwing it back up
it will stop the vomiting
I am so hungry though due to vomiting 
Right now as we speak i feel like i will puke again
  Panic is crap, but at least you did not vomit  
Had a massive panic attack the other because i thought i was going to puke.
i have been having a lot of health anxiety
It reminds me to focus on my goals instead of dwelling on my health anxiety
One night when I was feeling super sick and felt like nothing was going right
SOS! Smoked so much weed and now I feel super ill
the burps coming up my esophagus and it makes me ill
i heard it makes you very nauseous
  I am getting chills, feeling run down, nauseous etc  
my stomach is growling like mad
just that horrible nausea feeling all day
nothing makes me panic quite like morning nausea
it is progressed to watery diarrhea and severe vertigo
Can being dehydrated cause nausea?
After a night of feeling bad I get home and now cuddling a bucket
  So far i have collapsed, had my head in a bucket twice  
Why are you so sick all the time?
Were you sick?
Did you vomit?
Are you still puking?
  I am not throwing up now, just a bit queasy  
Had stomach cramps and now have diarrhea and I feel nauseous.
I am so worried i have got a bug.
it is the anxiety most probably causing the sick feeling
overcome this anxiety and sick feeling
i woke up feeling nauseous
no acidic nausea in my throat but my stomach still feels icky
Anyone get really dizzy and nauseous often?
my chronic nausea is from anxiety regarding this phobia
hunger always makes my nausea worse
i have had food poisoning several times
the food you ate with your family making you ill
anxiety is the number one cause of any and all of my nausea
my nausea is an actual illness
I started feeling bad earlier
I did not know if it was indigestion from eating
feeling so sick to my stomach
I am so anxious because my stomach has been hurting all day and gurgling. 
And I am super nauseous right now.
I am scared it is a bug
My stomach keeps gurgling and I feel nauseous like my throat is tight
It sounds like you might have some reflux
  I have a slight headache, intense nausea and I feel like I am about to gag  
I am not feeling good. I think it is gonna happen.
Every morning I feel nauseous and last week it happened.
I am scared thinking it will happen again because I am really nauseous again
Most of the times I start to feel nauseous after breakfast.
My stomach is all quesy and I am so scared it is a bug
They have not been sick
I do not think it is that making me feel sick
I had a stomach bug back in December and I am scared i will catch another one
  To catch one, you have to ingest the virus particles.  
There are many different strains of stomach bugs
i got terrible nausea and dizziness
I am absolutely terrified and am afraid i will puke
is used to prevent vomiting
i thought every morning i would wake up sick
 I always get nausea and either diarrhea
Anyone get nauseous after eating? Like throat gets the throw up sensation?
 gives me horrible acid reflux.
acting like they were gagging themselves
How long has it been since you threw up last?
the experience of throwing up in front of people
I am not so much afraid of myself throwing up only other people 
and throw up right at the finish line
for me to sit there with somebody throwing up i would have to be forced
the fear and anxiety i get from somebody even coughing super hard or gagging
how much money it would take for you to willingly throw up once?
I am just terrified that I might throw up in front of people
I wanna start understanding throwing up is normal
I have not thrown up since I was really suffering with my phobia
  I am not so much afraid to be sick myself, but afraid of others getting sick.  
I can not handle being In the same home with anyone who is getting sick
My husband leaves the house if he feels sick
someone outside of the people In my home be sick
i feel really bad right now
  i had diarrhea twice, my stomach is making noises  
How many times have you thrown up and why?
Threw up on 4 different occasions
3 were stomach bugs 
And one was travel sickness
Used to throw up as a kid like everyone else
  only thrown up 4 times, all from alcohol  
you have never had a stomach bug?
I refused to puke
i have had a few stomach bugs where I did not vomit
I am too scared to get drunk in case I vomit
have a terrible hangover that makes me sick
Getting drunk was standard
takes about a whole bottle to make me throw up
Throwing up feels so normal and natural
i have witnessed my girlfriend throw up in front of me
I was really sick for ages
I was just throwing up. I ended up in hospital
Never had Stomach bug
throw up when I am on my period
i have thrown up many times from alcohol
it is other people being sick that I am scared of
I kinda need to be able to cope with others being sick
people throw up all the time
I am fine with animals but can not even do baby spit up
if ANYONE even said they were feeling sick near me
my sister was in the ER once and throwing up
boys who are throwing up from a bleed.
If only I can do the same for myself vomiting
when she said she felt sick and gave her a bowl
I could not even cope with spit up
Exposure did not work for myself getting sick
If my boyfriend is throwing up I can deal
I can not cope with my boyfriend throwing up
because of them always getting sick
I can be around anyone throwing up
I can not watch people throwing up
the actual vomit itself makes me feel funny
If my friends are sick when I am drunk
it does make me gag if I see it
I threw up about 5 or 6 times from being sick
I had not been sick at all until I caught a bug again and threw up
the last 2 times I had the stomach bug I did not throw up
used to throw up after every feed as a baby
I will still throw up after meals I have only puked twice
I only threw up twice when I was a kid
never a stomach bug?
I do not know if I have ever had a stomach bug
I have felt sick before but I do anything to avoid vomiting
I have not thrown up since I was 13
I threw up only due to having a bad gastritis episode
Managed to not throw up again
And food poisoning
what was the food poisoning from?
have not gotten sick since then
I am 48 and have never thrown up
I projectile vomited once as a baby
gastritis is the worst because all I do is dry heave
All I do is dry heave and it is the worst
Adults do not vomit often
The most common reason for adults to vomit is alcohol
I got sick but am unsure if it was a bug or food
i have only gotten sick 4 times
I was only sick two times with vomiting
I had the bug with just diarrhea like 4 times
 I think i have thrown up like 5 times in my life
have vomited I think 8 times total.
i have only vomited twice
I am equally terrified of nausea as well
 i have throw up a lot from drinking and pregnancy
not caring about throwing up while drunk
ate being nauseous when I am hung over
I was nauseous during my pregnancies and chemo
Threw up 3 times and dry heaved 3 times
separate from the vomiting episodes
Twice because of a stomach bug
once because of food poisoning
I threw up as a toddler
I did not throw up from an actual illness
that technically was not vomiting because it never got out of my mouth
I threw up like 2000 times
Twice from food poisoning when I was a child
I have not actually thrown up from a sickness
and car sickness once
I once got sick when I was 11 from greasy food
  Alcohol, weed and two food poisonings  
weed can make you throw up?
therapeutical weed works great for nausea
where i get dizzy and feel sick
i have had bugs when i have throw up up to 8 times
amount of bugs or travel sickness episodes
  Mostly from bugs, occasional travel sickness  
the amount of times I had a sickness that made me throw up
when I had my stomach bug I threw up at least 10 times
At 22 I threw up after giving birth to my son
Since then I have not actively vomited
When I am feeling unwell I usually just dry heave
  too many bugs to count, food poisoning, norovirus  
only did not vomit out of pure will
when I was sick I would only vomit once or twice.
the other time I only vomited once
Food poisoning from a gas station chili cheese
while 5 months pregnant that was mostly just dry heaving
Some nausea with all of my pregnancies but not terrible
you forced your body to have diarrhea and not throw up?
I got car sick a lot as a kid
had food poisoning and stomach bugs a lot as a kid
Only threw up a handful of times
I vomited a few times whole in hospital
I vomited about 4 times and was not sure if it was a bug 
Then I threw up when I was 16 with food poisoning
I think one may have been from car sickness
I threw up so much for every reason
from smelling something gross to motion sickness food poisoning the flu
i have almost thrown up several times.
it stops the nausea.
salmonella at age 5
please do not throw up
i wanna vomit all over
is throwing up in his grave
he is complaining of bad stomach cramps
he is been vomiting and having diarrhea all night
 just gone to toilet again to vomit
Does it sound like food poisoning or a stomach bug?
it sounds like food poisoning
 You can not catch food poisoning
I know it is more than likely food poisoning
he is saying his stomach is so sore
I am sure he just has food poisoning
Some bacteria that causes food poisoning is not contagious
you can catch food poisoning of certain kinds
Definitely food poisoning
food poisoning is horrible is not it
 I do not think food poisoning can hit in a half hour
Food poisoning does not usually set in the fast
Might not be food poisoning since it is so sudden
within 30 minutes she was really ill
I had bad food poisoning after a dodgy sausage roll
If it is food poisoning it has most likely
And some food poisoning is contagious
My mother got food poisoning
it definitely could be food poisoning
A friend of mine also had food poisoning
but i personally have not thrown up
  alcohol,morning sickness  
panic attacks related to the fear of vomiting
specific phobia of vomiting
Norovirus and treatment options
Why do you think you will be sick?
those antibiotics for nausea
will the withdrawal make me sick
they dry heave a lot
acid coming up and sticking in my throat
severe belly bug when I was young
violently ill constantly
kids getting sick in class
before my stomach bug last year
I did not throw up since I was about 8 years old
threw up for 8 hours straight
go to the ER for anti nausea meds.
I was sick and it was food poisoning
it induces incredibly violent vomiting
my sister got carsick everytime we went anywhere
him getting violently ill all the time
my dad was super sick when I was young
Whenever he would vomit
I just always felt sick and terrified of being sick
 i never had this fear until i was thrown up on 
some guy who had a stomach bug
even the mention of being nausea makes me nervous
 watched my mom violently projectile vomit
She projectile vomited all over my back patio
walk anywhere that I knew had vomit on it
They vomited as we spun
ended up getting sick EVERYWHERE
had a severe case of food poisoning from KFC
can not stand other people being ill
an alcoholic mother who would vomit all the time
  she would puke, and then freak out  
 the nausea that comes along with it.
sick scenes in movies
coughing and wretching.
So nauseous right now.
constant pain or nausea.
makes you feel more nauseous
